Rooms at <a href="http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/ho_chi_minh_saigon_hotels/nikko_saigon_hotel.html">Hotel Nikko Saigon</a> Ho Chi Minh City offering city views from over-sized windows, the spacious rooms feature warm lighting and calming earth tones. The hotel serves a complimentary buffet breakfast. The property has a shopping center shuttle, which is complimentary. Guest parking is complimentary. Hotel Nikko Saigon is a 5 star luxury hotel with 388 rooms, suites and apartments. The guestrooms are spaciously appointed and specifically designed to enable guests to both concentrated work and undisturbed relaxation in the comfort of their own room - an oasis of calm in this busy city. Business services, wedding services, concierge services, and tour/ticket assistance are available. Additional property amenities include currency exchange, coffee/tea in the lobby, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. The property has designated areas for smoking. Ideally located in the business district of Ho Chi Minh City, Hotel Nikko Saigon offers easy access to the Tan Son Nhat airport, many landmarks, museums and cultural centers, central business district, shopping and entertainment areas. The Nikko Saigon offers business and leisure travelers relaxation in attractive hotel accommodations, cuisine that will please even the most demanding gourmet and staff that gives top priority to ensuring that guests enjoy a relaxing stay. With an average room size of 40sqm, our main guestrooms are among the most spacious rooms in Ho Chi Minh City. Earth tone color theme with minimalist design is characteristics of Japanese, relaxing and brand new rooms promise all guests a comfortable and pleasant stay.
Delicate food is served at the restaurant. There is also a club lounge and a bar. This 5-star Ho Chi Minh City hotel has 3 restaurants serving lunch and dinner where you will find a selection of items to try. Ren Spa is the place to be for rest and relaxation, offering body treatments, massages, facials and massage/treatment rooms. There is also a bar/lounge where guests can enjoy drinks after a long day. Knowledgeable staff are available at the front desk 24 hours-a-day and can provide tour/ticket assistance.
